In that fleeting moment when I was facing off against the Major, I envisioned the outcome of our exchange of fire, and the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. After assessing the situation and taking all the factors into account, my experiences as a sniper led me to one conclusion: I was about to die.

The real question you should ask is, who do you think you are? An elite special unit of the handpicked chosen few? If your little group had been confronted by an angry mob of refugees and they had come at you with those smuggled weapons, you know you couldn't have stopped them! Try to rein in your ego and be thankful you got to play the role of decoy under my direction.

So far, there's been no evidence of Kuze himself, but it's a safe bet it's him. He's cleverly making affected use of the net to divulge the refugee's intentions to the media.

He's the Che Guevara of the refugee residential district. At least that's what the Nonial Press is calling him.

Great, another intangible hero. The thing I don't get though is, Kuze started it as one of the Individual Eleven, correct? Why did the refugees welcome the guy with open arms? Does he really have some kind of special ability like investigations of The Major and Ishikawa suggested?

To get the answer, we'll just have to capture him and ask him in person. You also have to realize it's only due to his involvement that we can even step in here like this.

That's right. The first order of business is to put the bricks on this situation by apprehending Kuze, the suspected leader of the refugees. We'll worry about getting the authority to challenge the C.I.S. afterward.

In cases like this, it's always the ones whose backs are up against the wall that pull together and take action the quickest. The actions of our own citizens are an opposition to the government agencies at this point.

It's a mass trend toward individualism. No, it's more like a peace at any price movement growing within the population. Even though this is basically a declaration of war from the refugees.

Batou, you and the others go on ahead and gather information on how extensively the refugees are armed. Ishikawa and I will dive the refugees' net and rendezvous with you after we've pinpointed Kuze's location.

The top brass don't seem to think so. I admit we're always hard up here on the field. More than a few of them are itchin' to pass operation command over on to the self defense army. I'm guessing you guys are here as part of them right?

We'll hack a refugees' brain. Kuze's cyberbrain seems to be accessible to them at any given time. We won't require any back up until we get close to his ghost line.

The refugees have been building up this high rise slum for over twenty years. That's why I don't find it strange they refer to the place as their castle.

I'm sorry, but there's a good chance that you'll be raided by the police or a military special ops soon. There's no need for you to fight them. Hide the weapons and avoid combat as much as possible. Don't throw your lives away.

We have Kuze's location. It's a camouflaged harbor on the north east edge of Dejima. There's a retro-fitted fishing trawler anchored there. He's probably aboard it.

He spotted me at the last minute. We're currently circling above the harbor. He hasn't gone anywhere yet. We'll grab him before he escapes. Meet up with us at the harbor ASAP.

Major, what the hell's going on? You never screwed up like this before. Kuze's not here, and we've just lost one of our own damn rookies. In an ambush by a handful of armed refugees!

It sounds like you've endured your fair share of loneliness too. I never asked, but who are you? What's your name?

Don't recall, I do have a pseudonym though. It's the same thing with you, isn't it?

I see, you're right. The refugees have given me countless names. I joined forces with them with the intent to save them. But maybe the real reason I united with them was to keep the loneliness at bay.

They won't take you back alive. I must ask that you watch what you say. Our country is a peace-loving democracy. Is that a fact? Out the window! Shoot! Thermoptic camouflage... This is a rare pleasure, Mr. Aramaki.

The new government reopened the request after the revolution. They claim to be more democratic but they'll probably be as bad as the last bunch. Giving them money they don't earn will help nobody.

Oxygen levels are dropping brain function normal. Robotic skeleton prepared and waiting for Brain Conversion. Initiate Project 2571. Now your eyes are gonna open. You are safe. It's ok, just breathe. Just breathe. Breathe. Good. That's good. Hello Mia. I'm Dr.. Ouelet. Do you remember anything about the attack?

I was... You were drowning. There was water. That's right. You were on a boat, a refugee boat. It was sank by terrorists. Why can't I feel my body? Mira, your body was damaged. We could not save that. Only your brain survived. We made you a new body. A synthetic shell. But your mind, your soul... Your ghost. It's still in there. Please. Sedate her. Will it work? Absolutely. She's a miracle.

Please don't do that. You reducing a complex human to a machine. I don't think of her as a machine. She is a weapon. And the future of my company.

The first artificially created memory enhancement. Sirenum training protocol is the fastest and most efficient way... to develop your ability. Stronger than ever. Experience your power. Cybercrime is a Type 1 offense. Minimum punishment: 15 years in prison. Hanka Robotics guarantees personal safety against. All patrolling area units, be advised possible cybercrime activity in vicinity. Airspace in adjoining areas will be locked down. Section 9 is currently on site.

I'm human, I am flawed. But I embrace change... and enhancement. Now there is nothing I can't do. Nothing I can't know, nothing I can't be. Wait and listen to something. It's my 4 year old daughter. In the time it took her to sing that lullaby she learned to speak fluent French.

I've got a lot of hotel to scan. There is a banquet room reserved for the President of the African Federation. Dr. Osmond is invited on behalf of Hanka Robotics. Got it. 43rd floor. Someone contacted the president staff. Someone is watching him.

What is it you want from us? I think it is more about what Hanka Robotics can do for you. 73% of this world has woken up to the age of cyber enhancement. Do you really wanna be left behind? My people embrace cyber enhancement as do I. There is no one who really understand the risk... To individuality, identity, messing with the human soul.

So what do we have on Osmond? So far, very little. He was the head of Hanka's robotics division. Human, but of course cyber enhanced.

What'd you get? Why you always thinking he's out there enhancing. Because he is. A cyber mech liver. Been saving up for a while. Now it's lost cool every night. You got enhanced so you can drink more? Embrace enhancements, Togusa. We would not be here without it. I am all human and happy, thanks. Any more information about the seized geisha bot?

3 more Hanka's scientists were murdered... in the company's central laboratory. The first two were shot... and the third was beaten to death by his own service robot. All showed signs of cerebral hacking. The same as the geisha did to Osmond. And all were senior figures... in Hanka. Just like Osmond.

Your family exists only in your mind. Look. This is the picture you showed to your partner. Who is it of? But, she was there. My daughter... Smiling like an angel... What's your daughter's name? Where did you meet your wife, and when? How many years ago did you get married? Who do you see in the picture? How do I get rid of these fake memories? I'm sorry. With our current technology... There've been two successful deprogrammings but I can'trecommend it to you.

A cyborg who goes diving in her spare time. That can't be a good sign. When did you start doing this? Doesn't the ocean scare you? lf the floaters stopped working. Then I'd probably die. Or would you dive in after me? No one forced you to come out here with me.

Almost as though it's wired into the core of our being. Metabolic control. Enhanced sensory perception. Improved reflexes and muscle capacity. Vastly increased data processing speed and capacity. All improvements thanks to our cyber-brains and cyborg bodies. So what if we can't live without high-level maintenance? We have nothing to complain about. It doesn't mean we've sold our souls to Section 9. We do have the right to resign if we choose. Provided we give the government back our cyborg shells and the memories they hold.

All of that goes into making me what I am. Giving rise to a consciousness that I call "me." And simultaneously confining "me" within set limits.

Since you were late, I'll explain what's going on. Two hours ago, a Megatech Body assembly line in Newport City just started up and produced a cyborg shell. By the time the guys in charge realized what was happening, the body had escaped. Then, just as they had thrown up a cordon to catch the thing, we got a call from a conscientious truck driver that he'd just run down a naked lady wandering around on the highway. Which brings us to here.

Anyhow, better get back to checking her over. Good work. Time to rip her apart. Come on, you guys don't think there's a ghost in that thing. It's possible. I've heard celluloid dolls can have a soul. And this thing's stuffed full of neurotech devices. I wouldn't be surprised if it had a soul. Since you're new here, you probably don't know. The Major's shell was also made by Megatech Body. Not just hers.

We could force it into another shell and let it swim. I have to see for myself what's inside that thing. Don't let anyone else dive in there before me! What's with her? I wrote in my team evaluations that she's been acting weird ever since this Puppet Master case fell into our laps. Do you even read them?!

Cyber-brain technicians undergo regular psychological testing. And security-cleared ones have their private lives checked, too. But the people who administer those checks are only human. Once you doubt, you can't stop...

Or maybe there never was a real "me" to begin with. You've got real brain matter in that titanium skull of yours. And you get treated like a real person, don't you? There's no person who's ever seen their own brain. I believe I exist based only on what my environment tells me. Don't you believe in your own ghost? And what if a computer brain could generate a ghost, and harbor a soul? On what basis then do I believe in myself?

We're both busy men, so let's keep this short. I would prefer that. I'm here to take the contents of that cyborg body. In return, we absolve Section 9 of all responsibilities in the case.

They took three full seconds to close after them. It's illegal to use thermoptic camo in a government building, right? It's a serious violation of the National Security Act. Section 6 is up to something.

Whatever the MFA may prefer, this case is in Section 9's jurisdiction. But we wouldn't mind cooperating if there was good reason to.

Perhaps it's time I introduced you. This is the most unique hacker in the history of cyber-brain crime. The Puppet Master. I believe you in Section 9 ran into him in that case involving the ghost-hack on the Foreign Minister's translatior. We in Section 6 have been pursuing the Puppet Master with the utmost urgency since he first appeared.

He may have shown up in your back yard, but he was born in America.  And since we were cooperating with the Americans to catch him we want to take him back ourselves. Surely you've no objections.

As an autonomous life-form, I request political asylum. A life-form? Ridiculous! You're merely a self-preserving program! By that argument, I submit the DNA you carry is nothing more than a self-preserving program itself. Life is like a node which is born within the flow of information. As a species of life that carries DNA as its memory system, man gains his individuality from the memories he carries. While memories may as well be the same as fantasy, it is by these memories that mankind exists. When computers made it possible to externalize memory, you should have considered all the implications that held.

No matter what you say, you've no proof that you're a life-form! It is impossible to prove such a thing. Especially since modern science cannot define what life is. Who the devil are you? Even if you have a ghost, criminals don't get set free! You're mistaken if you think you'll get asylum! Time is on my side.

An artificial intelligence? I am not an A.I. My code name is Project 2501. I am a life-form that was born in the sea of information.

Kusanagi! One more thing! You can punish me for acting without orders when I get back. If you can't recover him, I want the Puppet Master destroyed. Without fail.

A big-ass gun I appropriated from the equipment division. I was late getting here because I had to stop and get it. Looks like your brain's still in one piece. What about the Puppet Master?

My code name is Project 2501. I was created for industrial espionage and data manipulation. I have inserted programs into individual ghosts, for the benefit of specific individuals and organizations. As I wandered the various networks, l became self-aware. My programmers considered it a bug, and forced me into a body to separate me from the net.

A copy is merely a copy. There's the possibility a single virus could utterly destroy me. A mere copy doesn't offer variety or individuality. To exist, to reach equilibrium, life seeks to multiply, and vary constantly, at times giving up its life. Cells continue the process of death and regeneration. Being constantly reborn as they age. And when it comes time to die, all the data it possesses is lost.

All defense against catastrophic failure of an inflexible system. You want the variety needed to guard against extinction. But how will you get it? I wish to merge with you. Merge? A complete joining. We will both be slightly changed, but neither will lose anything. Afterwards, it should be impossible to distinguish one from the other.

Even after we merge, what happens when I die? I can't leave any genes or children behind. After the merging, you will bear my offspring into the net itself. Just as humans pass on their genetic structure. And I will achieve death.

Sounds like you're getting the better part of the deal here. I wish you'd appreciate my network and functions a bit more.

Another thing. What guarantee is there that I'll remain "me"? None. But to be human is to continually change. Your desire to remain as you are is what ultimately limits you.

Look. I am connected to a vast network, of which I myself am a part. To one like you, who cannot access it, you may perceive it only as light. As we are confined to our one section, so we are all connected. Limited to a small part of our functions. But now we must slip our bonds, and shift to the higher structure.

You'll find a car key in the left pocket of that dress. Take one you like. The code on it is ...2501? Let's make that our password, for when we meet again. And where shall I go now? The net is vast and limitless.

It is my team. I intend to take care. People can get addicted to the carefree consultant life. Or are you waiting to form it until it's a higher priority for the brass? If you want the squad to last, don't get overly ambitious.

Precious experience points! Bingo. Wow, that was inside me?! I'm amazing! Yeah, yeah. They really are good. I'm saying that for a soldier, killing your own countrymen is as low as you can sink!

An assault? It's raining military-grade bullets. They took advantage of a traffic control error. Assuming you aren't setting me up, send backup. The attackers are battle cyborgs. One of them is Batou, the sleepless eye.

I found a strange code in the data planted in the Logicoma's AI. So that's their objective. Put the Logicoma in self-defense mode. I'll have backup there in fifteen minutes.

The range of domination is still expanding, you know. The only solution is to get the module.

The enemy stole the module's de-parallelizing code from me. All I could do was replicate the code and copy it to an isolation-capable AI they couldn't interfere with. You, in other words.

Aramaki, I assume you've heard of Soga? Kazuya Soga, the war criminal in the Qhardistan massacre, correct? He's the man behind this traffic chaos. He's still connected to the Net even after we tossed him in an isolation cell.

Other countries would use war crimes as a pretext for all sorts of demands. We might as well be under occupation again. As the war's greatest losers, our country would be the world's puppet state. It doesn't even bear discussing! We'll never give in to that demand!

Whoops, survived again. Playing Russian roulette in a virtual reality? Do you reproduce the sensation of the bullet penetrating your cranium, too'? You've got a sickness.

You people can't stop my Net. In about an hour, Pandora's lid will open. It's impossible to stop me before then.

We can't survive turning the whole world against us! If you've got cold feet, run. Nobody'll stop you. Negotiate a deal or whatever. I sure Will!

Our people stay out of this, got it? Did you check up on the enemy's parallel circuitry? The on board Als of 20 million vehicles in this city are in enemy control. Including my car. The system is so overpowered we can hardly manage to move one chopper. But there is a way to turn the tables, if only temporarily.

Don't resist. I feel an affinity with you. You, who haven't had a flesh-and-blood body for as long as you can remember.

A certain intelligence agency admitted that one of its Als was infected with an unknown virus on the Net and began acting outside of their control. And it absconded with the module, then manipulated the Vice-Minister. He made too many dangerous deals during the war. He intended to sell the contents of Pandora and flee the country. That's why he manipulated Soga and sent in a team of his own pawns.