A Wizard is never late, Frodo Baggins, nor is he early. He arrives precisely when he means to.

Well, what can I tell you? Life in the wide world goes on much as if it has past age. Full of its own comings and goings, scarcely even aware of the existence of Hobbits.

If you're referring to the incident with the Dragon, I was barely involved, all I did was give your Uncle a little nudge out the door.

Tea? Or maybe something stronger. I've a few bottles of the Old Winyard left, 1296...a very good year, almost as old as I am. It was laid down by my father. What say we open one, eh?

I've got to get away from these confounded relatives, hanging on the bell all day, never giving me a moment's peace. I want to see mountains again mountains, Gandalf, and then find somewhere quiet where I can finish my book. Oh, Tea!

I know. He'd probably come with me if I asked him. I think, in his heart, Frodo's still in love with the Shire, the woods and the fields, little rivers.

Whether it be turned on a spit or minced in a pie or whether they were going to sit on us one by one and squash us into jelly! But they spent so long arguing the whether-to's and why-for's that the sun's first light crept over the top of the trees, and turned them all to stone!

My dear Bagginses, and Boffins, tooks and Brandybucks, Grubbs, Chubbs, Hornblowers, Bolgers, Bracegirdles and Proudfoots. Today is my one hundred and eleventh birthday. Yes, and alas, Eleventy- one years is far too short a time to live among such excellent and admirable Hobbits! I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you as well as well as you deserve.

The year 3434 of the Second Age, here follows the account of Isildur, High King of Gondor, and the finding of the ring of power. It has come to me, the ring of power! It shall be an heirloom of my Kingdom, all those who follow in my bloodline shall be bound to its fate, for I will risk no hurt to the ring, it is precious to me, though I bear it with great pain. The marking upon the band begin to fade, the writing which at first was as clear as red flame, has all but disappeared, a secret now that only fire can tell.

In the common tongue it says, "One ring to rule them all, One ring to find them, One ring to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them." This is the one ring forged by the dark lord, Sauron, in the fires of Mt Doom, taken by Isildur from the hand of Sauron himself.

For sixty years the ring lay quiet in Bilbo's keeping, prolonging his life, delaying old age, but no longer, Frodo. Evil is stirring in Mordor. The ring has awoken. It has heard its master's call.

